yeah never eat a Snickers bar drink
apple juice and then chew carrots leaves
a really shooting after taste in your
mouth oh nice throw knife
hey what's up guys guy camps here and
welcome to you picking week I don't even
know anymore and this is some pistol in
the gameplay on the karachi SMD m dove 2
edition and actually this was not a
comment on last week's you pick them to
be honest there weren't a lot of
comments on last week's you pick them so
I just kind of decided to make one from
my own but only pistol gameplay would
throw a knife but that'd be pretty
entertaining to watch yeah modern
warfare 3 is just a couple weeks away or
actually week and by the way guys I
haven't been uploading much this past
week just because I was focusing on
homework like I said a couple videos ago
trying to set the stage for modern
warfare 3 and I finished this big-ass
project it was like my final English
paper for like the whole year and I'm
done with it now so all I have to do is
the presentation and that I'm doing that
department so I'm pretty happy with that
and other than that I really don't have
a lot to worry about what else oh yeah
one Oh warfare 3 I might actually pull
that game early I I know I said a few
videos ago I really don't care about
getting early but an opportunity to kind
of presented itself and let's be honest
guys I mean if you were offered the game
early would you really say no I mean
should be pretty fun to play and
apparently there's some kind of new
tactical nuke in modern warfare 3 what
if you get 25 kills doesn't matter what
class get you no perks you have you
automatically get a nuke and instead of
like totally ending the game just one
Big Bang it just knocks out the other
team for like one death and their EMP
for the rest of the game so that's kind
of cool I don't know how many will see
those cuz I think it's only like gun
kills kind of like black ops getting
kill streaks not where like you know
here your chopper gunner go to work for
you or anything like that but anyway
yeah guys in modern warfare 3 is a week
away pretty pumped just gonna upload
these last few gameplays here and
another thing I heard - I don't even
know about this - like just a day ago or
something that's Mountain Dew and like
Doritos or something they're doing like
if you go to Walmart and you buy a bag
of Doritos I guess you get double xp but
I guess you don't even have to open up
the back end you can get the code and I
guess hello people are doing that and I
don't see what the problem with that is
because apparently there's no purchase
necessary and you know it's free double
xp I mean I'm probably gonna go do that
I just think it's funny when people you
know us common
haters some people get all prissy pussy
morally about that when you know we
don't have to do a lot like what we're
doing right now to get by if you get
what I mean there but anyway pull down
the pave low one dude left I believe I
think this is the one V two clutch round
and now by the way guys I think I'm kind
of get into that age normally I never
drank coffee before but lately I've been
so fucking tired for no reason I've been
having to drink like a double shot every
day after school that's probably gonna
fuck me up in the future but right now
it's helping me get by I don't know it's
just this time of the year I really do
like this time of the year though these
like this little three month span
October November December I like the
cold a lot and in Sacramento it's always
fucking hot it's like there's no kind of
in-between season so just straight-up
Potter cold and right there plant the
bomb right now and I figure I need to go
get the high ground because pistols
aren't going to do much work Lo and
hopefully no claymores right here I
don't know modern warfare 3 though I'm
really pumped that specialist thing's
gonna be over fucking powered I know it
but it's gonna be a lot of fun to use
and I see one dude right here and thing
is USP is not that accurate I don't know
what the pistols are gonna be like in
modern warfare 3 I'm guessing they'll
probably be pretty good I just kind of
want to see what the guns are gonna be
like without stopping power I've heard
you know they have them all built in and
stuff but I don't know we'll just have
to see for sure pistol sniped that guy I
only got a few bullets left fools trying
to get the diffuse 1v1 oh he's going for
it yeah there's five seconds left and
let's bolt kill that's how we do it
anyway guys this last week I've actually
been playing a lot of battlefield 2 or
battlefield 3 - and look excuse me it's
just coffee came with the wrong way up
you guys won't trigger I need those
videos I'll put a link to them I've been
up 1 on my second channel Ivan uppal in
the past few days just because I've been
focusing on school for one so I'll put
some shit there oh yeah and yesterday it
was Halloween I hope you guys all had a
good one I know I did it was on a Monday
though you know you can't really do a
lot of shit on Monday you know with
school and stuff oh yeah and yesterday
was Halloween I hope you guys all had a
good one I know I did I mean it's not a
Monday you can't really do much on a
Monday but you know what I realized the
other day like a dope okay say it's like
2008 right
and it's Monday November first well the
next year 2009 that's gonna be a Tuesday
same day November first I never even
knew that that like every year the day
kind of goes one forward ahead but then
when it's leap year it's gifts today um
I don't know anyway guys the other thing
by the way is I just kind of thought of
this now for modern warfare 3 right
that's coming out in just a little bit
for modern warfare 3 leave your you pick
in class that you would want me to use
in that game like the game is even out
yeah we don't know everything about it
but from what we do know try and leave a
comment about that I'll try and modify
it so you can just do an easy copy and
paste job but yeah leave me your mana
warfare 3 you know class idea and I'll
try and do it you know right when the
game comes out so we'll just see how it
goes anyway guys I'm a guy who camps got
a bunch of more stuff coming these next
few days and later